the Israeli War on Gaza continues the
north of Gaza is under siege no relief
Aid has been delivered to the people
here even when some Aid is handed out
the Israeli forces Target and kill
innocent civilians lining up for food we
have all witnessed what happened in Al
Kuwait Square here comes a role for the
charity and relief agency to play
including the Algerian albaraka
Society we are trying to lend a helping
hand to more than 4,000 families trapped
in the north of the Gaza Strip we have
partnered with other charity agencies to
prepare those food packages this is the
work of charity organizations and
benevolent individuals we've been doing
this since the beginning of the
war the totally besieged northern part
of the Gaza Strip is on the verge of
famine this is a real plight real
suffering real pain despite the
israeli's Relentless bombardment we are
sparing no effort handing out hot meals
buying and distributing basic food food
items as you can see I repeat aside from
Israel's merciless shelling the northern
part of the Gaza Strip is hunger
stricken this is the message of Charity
workers here in the north of Gaza Strip
which has been reeling under ruthless
shelling and a tight Siege as Israel's
war on Gaza continues the north is on
the verge of a famine with no hope of
any relief Aid being delivered to the
hunger stricken part of the
strip
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jaaz